Mw/crtx 225901/crtx 244955/fix conversation not found (#44244)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/ReleaseNotes/3_7_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Slack v3

- Added the source chat context (platform name, channel ID, and thread ID) to the initial Assistant AI conversation message.

> - Fixed an issue where the Assistant returned a generic system error instead of a clear message when the conversation was no longer active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the Cortex Assistant returned a generic system error instead of a specific message when the conversation was no longer active.
```

> - Added a visual notice in the Assistant response when a related automation script is available in the Cortex UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a visual notice in the Cortex Assistant response when a related automation script is available in the Cortex UI.
```
